HEY.
HEY, HEY, HEY.
SO WHAT HAPPENED?
DID A FOREST
TICK YOU OFF?
NO. YOU KNOW HOW
WE'RE ALWAYS SAYING
WE NEED A PLACE
FOR THE MAIL.
YEAH?
WELL, I STARTED BUILDING ONE.
BUT THEN, I DECIDED
TO TAKE IT TO THE NEXT STEP.
YOU'RE BUILDING
A POST OFFICE?
NO, AN ENTERTAINMENT UNIT
WITH A MAIL CUBBY
BUILT RIGHT IN.
IT'S A ONE-DAY JOB, MAX.
OKAY.
MY WORD, THOSE ARE SNUG.
OH, YEAH.
THESE ARE MY OLD WORK PANTS.
SERGIO VALENTI.
POWER SAW KIND OF GOT AWAY
FROM ME THERE.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU ♪
♪ LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HEY, PHEEBS.
HEY.
ANY SIGN OF
YOUR BROTHER?
NO, BUT HE'S
ALWAYS LATE.
I THOUGHT
YOU ONLY MET HIM ONCE.
YEAH, I DID.
I THINK IT SOUNDS,
LIKE, BIG SISTER-Y.
YOU KNOW,
"FRANK'S ALWAYS LATE."
OH HO. WELL, RELAX,
HE'LL BE HERE.
YEAH. NO, I KNOW.
I'M JUST NERVOUS.
IT'S JUST, YOU KNOW...
MOM'S DEAD,
DON'T TALK TO MY SISTER...
GRANDMA'S BEEN SLEEPING
A LOT LATELY.
YOU KNOW?
IT'S JUST LIKE
THE LAST DESPERATE CHANCE
TO HAVE A FAMILY
KIND OF THING.
YOU'RE SO SWEET
TO WAIT WITH ME.
WELL, ACTUALLY,
GUNTHER SENT ME.
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO HAVE CUPS OUT HERE.
IT'S A THING.
MM.
DOES ANYONE ELSE THINK
DAVID COPPERFIELD'S CUTE?
NO, BUT HE TOLD ME
HE THINKS YOU'RE A FOX.
ALL RIGHT, JANICE LIKES HIM.
IN FACT, SHE LIKES HIM SO MUCH
SHE PUT HIM ON HER, UH...
FREEBIE LIST.
HER WHAT?
WELL, WE HAVE A DEAL
WHERE WE EACH GET TO PICK
FIVE DIFFERENT CELEBRITIES
THAT WE CAN SLEEP WITH...
AND THE OTHER ONE CAN'T GET MAD.
AH, THE HEART OF EVERY
HEALTHY RELATIONSHIP...
HONESTY, RESPECT AND
SEX WITH CELEBRITIES.
SO, CHANDLER,
WHO'S ON YOUR LIST?
AH, KIM BASINGER...
UH, CINDY CRAWFORD,
HALLE BERRY...
YASMINE BLEETH.
OH, BOY.
AND, UH, JESSICA RABBIT.
NOW, YOU DO REALIZE
THAT SHE'S A CARTOON
AND WAY OUT
OF YOUR LEAGUE?
YEAH, I KNOW. I KNOW.
I JUST ALWAYS WONDERED
IF I COULD GET HER EYES
TO POP OUT
OF HER HEAD.
HEY, MONICA,
WHO WOULD YOURS BE?
FIRST I NEED A BOYFRIEND,
THEN I CAN HAVE A LIST.
JUST A GAME, MON.
RACH, HOW ABOUT YOU?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS...
CHRIS O'DONNELL,
JOHN F. KENNEDY, JR.
DANIEL DAY-LEWIS, STING
AND PARKER STEVENSON.
SPIDER-MAN?
HARDY BOY.
PETER PARKER.
THANK YOU.
WHAT ABOUT YOU, HONEY?
WHO'D BE ON YOUR LIST?
I... I DON'T KNOW.
THAT KIND OF THING
REQUIRES SOME
SERIOUS THOUGHT.
FIRST I'LL DIVIDE MY
PROSPECTIVE CANDIDATES
INTO CATEGORIES.
( coughing ):
WHAT A GEEK.
EVERYBODY,
THIS IS FRANK.
THIS IS MY HALF-BROTHER,
FRANK.
THIS IS EVERYBODY.
THIS IS ROSS.
HI. HOW ARE YOU?
HEY.
CHANDLER.
HI.
JOEY.
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY...
HI.
THIS IS MONICA.
WHOA.
AND THIS IS RACHEL.
HI.
W-WHOA...
I'M GOING TO
GET COFFEE.
HEY, HOW DO YOU GUYS
GET ANYTHING DONE?
( chuckling )
WE DON'T REALLY.
DO YOU GUYS HAVE
A LOT OF BIG PLANS?
OH, YEAH. WE'RE GOING
TO, LIKE, CONNECT
AND BOND AND EVERYTHING.
YEAH, I WAS THINKING
MAYBE WE COULD GO DOWN
TO TIMES SQUARE
AND PICK UP SOME NINJA STARS.
OH, AND MY FRIEND, LARRY
HE WANTS ME TO TAKE A PICTURE
OF A HOOKER.
WE REALLY DON'T TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF LIVING IN THIS CITY.
OH, SORRY. DID I GET YOU?
NO, YOU DIDN'T "GET ME".
IT'S AN ELECTRIC DRILL.
YOU "GET ME," YOU KILL ME!
CALM DOWN. DO YOU WANT
THIS UNIT OR NOT?
I DO NOT WANT THIS UNIT.
WELL, YOU SHOULD HAVE
TOLD ME THAT BEFORE.
I'M NOT A MIND READER.
AND WE'RE OUT OF BEER.
OKAY, I'M GOING TO MONICA'S.
FINE!
HEY. WHERE YOU HEADING
IN THOSE PANTS, 1982?
OH, MONICA, LISTEN.
I SAW DOWN AT THE HARDWARE STORE
THEY GOT THOSE DESIGNER TILES
ON SALE
IF YOU EVER WANT
TO REDO YOUR BATHROOM FLOOR.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH
MY BATHROOM FLOOR?
NOTHING, IT'S JUST...
OLD AND DINGY, THAT'S ALL.
I HIGHLY DOUBT THAT.
OH, YEAH?
IF YOU, UH...
MOVE YOUR HAMPER
YOU CAN SEE THE COLOR
THE TILE USED TO BE.
( gasping )
YEAH.
I CAN'T LIVE LIKE THIS.
WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?
WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO?
RELAX, RELAX.
HERE, HOLD THIS.
THIS OLD STUFF
COMES RIGHT UP.
I'LL SHOW YOU.
A LITTLE MORE THAN
I WANTED TO SEE.
OH.
LOOK AT THAT.
EVERY INCH OF THIS
IS GLUED DOWN.
IT'D TAKE FOREVER
TO PRY THIS UP.
YOU SHOULD UH... YOU
SHOULD JUST LEAVE IT.
( gasping )
I CAN'T LEAVE IT.
YOU GOUGED A HOLE
IN MY DINGY FLOOR.
UH...
YEAH, THERE YOU GO.
AW...
YEAH, THAT'S NICE.
WE CAN PUT IT BACK THERE
AFTER THE SURGEONS REMOVE IT
FROM YOUR COLON.
OOH! OOH!
WHAT?
YEAH, I KNOW
WHAT I WANTED TO ASK YOU.
UM, CAN YOU ROLL YOUR TONGUE?
'CAUSE... 'CAUSE I CAN,
AND MY MOM COULDN'T
AND I THOUGHT, YOU KNOW
I FIGURED THAT WAS SOMETHING
I GOT FROM OUR DAD.
WELL, WAIT,
YOU MEAN LIKE THIS?
YEAH.
YEAH, YOU CAN
DO IT TOO. YEAH.
( chuckling )
YOU'RE NOT DOING IT.
OH, RIGHT. OKAY, YEAH.
MY MOM COULD AND I CAN'T.
WE DON'T HAVE THAT.
WHEN'S YOUR BIRTHDAY?
FEBRUARY 16.
I KNOW A GUY
WHO'S THE 18th.
THAT'S CLOSE.
WHEN'S YOURS?
OCTOBER 25.
THAT'S THE SAME MONTH
AS HALLOWEEN.
YEAH.
SO, UM, WHAT KIND OF THINGS
DO YOU LIKE TO DO AT HOME?
MELT STUFF.
OKAY, I'VE GOT
THREE OF MY FIVE.
THREE OF YOUR
FIVE WHAT?
CELEBRITIES I'M ALLOWED
TO SLEEP WITH.
MY GOD, YOU ARE GIVING THIS
A LOT OF THOUGHT.
HEY, IT'S HARD, OKAY?
I ONLY HAVE
TWO SPOTS LEFT.
WHO YOU GOT IT
NARROWED DOWN TO?
OKAY...
ELIZABETH HURLEY.
OOH, VERY ATTRACTIVE.
YEAH.
FORGIVING.
SUSAN SARANDON.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
SHE'S TOO POLITICAL.
SHE PROBABLY WOULDN'T
LET YOU DO IT
UNLESS YOU DONATED
FOUR CANS OF FOOD FIRST.
( chuckling )
AND ISABELLA ROSSELLINI.
OOH...
VERY HOT, VERY SEXY.
BUT, UH... YOU KNOW,
SHE'S TOO INTERNATIONAL.
YOU KNOW, SHE'S NEVER
GOING TO BE AROUND.
SO?
SO, YOU GOT
TO PLAY THE ODDS.
PICK SOMEBODY WHO'S
IN THE COUNTRY ALL THE TIME.
YEAH, 'CAUSE THAT'S WHY YOU
WON'T GET ISABELLA ROSSELLINI--
GEOGRAPHY.
OKAY, SO, BY "MELTING"
YOU MEANT MELTING.
YEAH.
SO, IS IT LIKE ART?
YEAH, YOU CAN MELT ART.
HEY, CAN I USE
YOUR PHONE?
MMM. YEAH, SURE.
WHY, YOU WANT
TO CALL YOUR MOM?
NO, I WANT TO MELT IT.
OH, WELL, UM, NOT RIGHT NOW.
( nervous chuckling )
YOU KNOW WHAT, I THINK I'M
JUST GOING TO GO TO BED.
I THINK THE FUMES ARE
GIVING ME A HEADACHE.
( chuckling ):
YEAH, YEAH...
GOOD NIGHT... BRO.
GOOD NIGHT.
HERE.
JUST IN CASE.
YOU KNOW.
OH, EXCELLENT.
( falsetto kiaiing )
WHAT KIND OF
KARATE IS THAT?
NO KIND.
HE JUST MAKES IT UP.
OH.
HOW'S IT GOING WITH YOU GUYS?
SO FAR IT KIND OF BLOWS.
I JUST THOUGHT,
YOU KNOW, THAT...
HE'D FEEL MORE LIKE A BROTHER.
YOU KNOW, LIKE YOU AND ROSS
JUST LIKE CLOSE
AND CONNECTED AND...
HONEY, WE'RE CLOSE NOW
BUT YOU WOULDN'T
BELIEVE THE YEARS
OF NOOGIES AND WEDGIES
AND FLYING WEDGIES
AND ATOMIC WEDGIES AND...
THAT'S WHEN THE WAISTBAND
ACTUALLY GOES OVER YOUR HEAD.
AH.
WE USED TO DRIVE
EACH OTHER CRAZY
PLAYING THE SHADOW GAME.
HOW DO YOU PLAY
THE SHADOW GAME?
I JUST ASKED YOU.
I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS.
THAT IS WHAT THE GAME IS.
YOU JUST GAVE UP
REALLY QUICKLY.
YOU SEEN JOEY?
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
OH, JUST...
THIS!
( dry chuckling )
YOU KNOW WHAT,
IT'S MY FAULT REALLY
BECAUSE THE COUCH IS WHERE
WE USUALLY KEEP THE VARNISH.
Joey: HEY, SOMEBODY WANT
TO HAND ME ONE OF THOSE TILES?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HE'S RE-TILING MY FLOOR.
YO!
SPACKLE BOY.
GET UP.
AH-AH! YOU STARTED THIS,
YOU WILL FINISH IT.
HE STARTED MINE FIRST.
BUILD THE UNIT, CINDERELLY,
LAY THE TILES, CINDERELLY.
Frank:
WHOA.
BIG OCTOPUS.
YEAH.
( phone ringing )
HELLO?
OH, MY GOD, I TOTALLY FORGOT.
WELL, CAN'T SOMEONE ELSE DO IT?
BUT I HAVE COMPANY.
YEAH, NO, THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
I'LL COME IN. OKAY.
FRANK, I'M REALLY SORRY,
BUT I HAVE TO GO INTO WORK.
IT'S ONE OF MY REGULARS
AND HE'S INSISTING
THAT I DO HIM, SO...
HEY, WHAT KIND OF WORK
DO YOU DO?
OH! I'M A MASSEUSE.
I GIVE PEOPLE MASSAGES
AND STUFF.
YOU... YOU WORK AT ONE OF THOSE
MASSAGE PARLORS?
WELL, WE DON'T CALL IT THAT,
BUT YEAH.
( goofy chuckling )
THAT'S WILD.
NO, I HAD NO IDEA.
ALL RIGHTY.
I'LL BE BACK IN A LITTLE BIT.
UNLESS, YOU WANT TO COME
WITH ME.
YOU MEAN, LIKE WATCH?
NO, NO.
YOU CAN GET ONE YOURSELF.
IT'LL BE ON THE HOUSE,
YOU KNOW...
WHAT ARE BIG SISTERS FOR?
I DON'T THINK THIS... YOU KNOW.
NO, NO, NO.
I WOULDN'T DO YOU MYSELF.
I MEAN, THAT WOULD BE WEIRD.
YEAH... NO, I'LL GET ONE
OF THE OTHER GIRLS TO DO IT.
OH! THIS IS
SO MUCH FUN!
YAY!
ARE YOU EXCITED?!
( quaky voice ):
YEAH.
HEY, DO MONICA AND RACHEL
WORK THERE?
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
IT'S LIKE THE FIRST
BATHROOM FLOOR THERE EVER WAS.
WHOA!
WHAT ARE YOU GOING
IN THERE FOR?
YOU WANT, LIKE,
A NUMBER?
HEY.
HI. BYE.
OKAY--
I'M DONE WITH MY CHOICES.
THESE ARE FINAL.
WELL, IT'S ABOUT TIME.
YEAH, VERY OFFICIAL.
OH, YEAH.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
CHANDLER PRINTED IT UP
ON HIS COMPUTER.
AND WHO LAMINATED IT?
THAT WAS ME.
ALL RIGHT,
LET ME SEE.
HUH... "UMA THURMAN,
WINONA RYDER, ELIZABETH HURLEY
"MICHELLE PFEIFFER...
DOROTHY HAMILL"?
HEY, IT'S MY LIST.
OKAY, HONEY, YOU DO REALIZE
SHE ONLY SPINS LIKE THAT ON ICE.
OW, OW, OW!
OW, OW, OW, OW!
OW, OW.
OW, YOU KNOW, OW...
HEY, WHAT'S
GOING ON?
SHE BROKE MY ARM.
HE TOUCHED MY FANNY.
NO. SHE TOUCHED MINE FIRST.
THAT'S MY JOB.
SO, WAIT.
WHAT'S THE DEAL HERE?
I CAN HAVE SEX WITH YOU,
BUT I CAN'T TOUCH YOU?
EWW!
YOU CAN'T HAVE SEX WITH HER.
WHAT DID YOU THINK I WAS,
A HOOKER?
NO, OKAY--
YOU'RE A "MASSEUSE."
IT'S COOL. I'M NOT A COP.
HEY, J-JASMINE,
CAN YOU ASK MR. WIFFLER
IF HE CAN WAIT
FOR, LIKE, FIVE MINUTES?
FINE.
I DON'T LIKE YOU.
SO... THAT'S WHAT
YOU THOUGHT I DID?!
GOD!
THAT'S NOT WHAT I DO!
WAIT, THAT... THAT...
WAIT, THAT'S NOT WHAT YOU DO?
NO!
WHY WOULD YOU THINK THAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW...
THIS IS THE CITY, YOU KNOW?
I JUST... I MEAN, I...
I DON'T KNOW.
WHATEVER. IT'S THE PERFECT END
TO THE PERFECT WEEKEND, ANYWAY.
OH... WAIT.
NO, YOU'RE RIGHT.
NO, IT WAS PERFECT, UH...
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT I SCREWED IT UP SO BAD.
YOU REALLY THOUGHT
IT WAS PERFECT?
WELL, NO, MAYBE
IT WASN'T PERFECT
BUT, YOU KNOW,
IT WAS PRETTY COOL, YOU KNOW.
'CAUSE WE HAD ALL THOSE
GREAT TALKS, YOU KNOW?
YEAH. UM...
WHICH ONES IN PARTICULAR
WERE GREAT FOR YOU?
WELL, YOU KNOW
ABOUT THE TONGUE THING,
YOU KNOW...
AND HOW I TOLD YOU
ABOUT MY LIKES AND MY DISLIKES.
I DON'T...
HOW I LIKE TO MELT STUFF
AND HOW I DISLIKE STUFF
THAT DOESN'T MELT?
RIGHT. OKAY.
MM-HMM.
YEAH, YOU KNOW...
'CAUSE I FEEL LIKE
I CAN REALLY TALK TO YOU
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE MY SISTER. YOU KNOW?
YEAH.
I GUESS I DO. YEAH.
AND THEN I GO FEEL
YOUR FRIEND UP
AND MAKE YOU MAD AT ME.
WELL, I WASN'T
HOPPING MAD...
YOU KNOW...
YOU HOPPED
A LITTLE BIT.
YEAH, I'M REALLY SORRY...
REALLY.
WELL, OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
THIS IS MY FAVORITE
PART OF THE WEEKEND.
RIGHT NOW. THIS.
THIS?
UH-HUH.
OH, COME ON.
WE WENT TO TIMES SQUARE.
WE, WE FOUND NINJA STARS.
I ALMOST GET MY ARM BROKEN
BY A HOOKER...
SHE'S NOT A HOOKER.
WHEN I TELL MY FRIENDS
ABOUT HER, SHE WILL BE.
OKAY. ON THREE.
ONE, TWO...
WHY DON'T WE JUST
GO ON TWO?
WHY TWO?
BECAUSE IT'S FASTER.
I COULD HAVE COUNTED
TO THREE, LIKE, FOUR TIMES
WITHOUT ALL THIS TWO TALK.
ALL RIGHT,
BUT IN THE FUTURE...
OKAY, OKAY.
HEAVY THING,
NOT GETTING LIGHTER.
OKAY. ONE, TWO...
SO WE ARE GOING WITH TWO?
Others: OH!
A GOOD JOB, JOE.
WOW.
IT'S BIG.
YEAH. YEAH. SO BIG,
THAT IT ACTUALLY MAKES
OUR DOORS LOOK SMALLER.
MAYBE MY RULER'S WRONG.
MAYBE ALL THE RULERS
ARE WRONG.
LOOK, IT'S NOT THAT BAD.
SO WHAT? IT BLOCKS
A LITTLE OF YOUR DOOR
A LITTLE OF MY DOOR.
YEAH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I GOT A BETTER IDEA.
HOW ABOUT IT BLOCKS
NONE OF MY DOOR
AND A LOT OF YOUR DOOR?
OKAY. LISTEN,
BEFORE I FORGET
THAT SIDE
IS STILL WET.
OKAY, SIR, LET ME JUST SEE
IF I'VE GOT THIS RIGHT.
SO THIS IS A HALF CAF,
DOUBLE TALL, EASY HAZELNUT
NON-FAT, NO FOAM, WITH WHIPPED,
EXTRA HOT LATTE, RIGHT?
OKAY. GREAT.
YOU FREAK.
THANK YOU.
COFFEE TO GO, PLEASE.
( no audio )
ISABELLA ROSSELLINI!
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
OH, MY GOD.
DAMN, I CANNOT BELIEVE
I TOOK HER OFF MY LIST.
WHY? 'CAUSE OTHERWISE,
YOU'D "GO FOR IT"?
( laughs )
YEAH. MAYBE.
OH-HO! YOU LIE.
WHAT, YOU DON'T THINK
I'D GO UP TO HER?
ROSS, IT TOOK YOU TEN YEARS
TO FINALLY ADMIT YOU LIKE ME.
YEAH? WELL, MISSY,
YOU BETTER BE GLAD
THAT LIST IS LAMINATED.
YOU KNOW WHAT, HONEY?
YOU GO AHEAD.
WE'LL CALL HER
AN ALTERNATE.
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
HOLD MY CRULLER.
OKAY.
RACH, ARE YOU REALLY
GOING TO LET HIM DO THIS?
HONEY, HE'S ABOUT TO GO HIT
ON ISABELLA ROSSELLINI.
I'M JUST SORRY
WE DON'T GOT POPCORN.
HI...
( voice cracking ):
HI.
I'M ROSS.
YOU DON'T KNOW ME
BUT I'M A BIG, BIG FAN
OF YOURS.
I MEAN, UM,
BLUE VELVET... WHOO..!
I WAS WONDERING
IF I COULD MAYBE BUY YOU
A, UM, CUP OF COFFEE.
OR... REIMBURSE YOU
FOR THAT ONE.
( laughs )
AREN'T YOU WITH THAT GIRL
OVER THERE?
WELL, YEAH. KIND OF.
BUT THAT'S OKAY.
SEE, WE HAVE
AN UNDERSTANDING.
UM, SEE, WE EACH
HAVE THIS LIST
OF FIVE FAMOUS PEOPLE,
AND YOU WERE ONE OF MINE.
SO I'M ALLOWED
TO SLEEP WITH YOU.
NO, NO, NO.
IT'S FLATTERING.
WHOA!
I DON'T KNOW...
W-WAIT...
WAIT. ISABELLA...
( chuckles )
DON'T-DON'T JUST
DISMISS THIS SO FAST.
THIS IS A ONCE-IN-A-LIFETIME
OPPORTUNITY.
YEAH, FOR YOU.
IS THAT THE LIST?
UM, YES.
CAN I SEE IT?
UM, NO.
COME ON.
BUT, OKAY...
I'M NOT IN THE LIST.
UM, SEE, BUT THAT'S NOT
THE FINAL DRAFT.
IT'S LAMINATED.
YEAH... UM, OKAY,
SO YOU WERE--
YOU WERE ON MY LIST
BUT THEN
MY FRIEND CHANDLER...
( chuckling )
BROUGHT UP
THE VERY GOOD POINT
THAT YOU ARE INTERNATIONAL.
SO I BUMPED YOU
FOR WYNONA RYDER.
LOCAL.
YOU KNOW, IT'S IRONIC.
BECAUSE I HAVE A LIST
OF FIVE GOOFY COFFEEHOUSE GUYS
AND YESTERDAY
I JUST BUMPED YOU FOR...
THAT GUY OVER THERE.
WE'RE JUST GOING
TO BE FRIENDS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MM?
BET YOU I COULD
FIT IN THERE.
I GOT FIVE BUCKS
SAYS YOU CAN'T.
GET OUT YOUR
CHECKBOOK, MISTER.
OH, I THINK I HAVE THE CASH.
YOU ARE DOGGED, MAN.
I TOTALLY FIT.
YEAH. YOU GOT ME.
I'M OUT FIVE BIG ONES.
THERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU.
CHA-CHING!
OH, HELLO, MR. LINCOLN!
BETTER LUCK
NEXT TIME, BUDDY.
AND THE DRINKS ARE ON ME.